Bug fixes. (#1662)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1019-1-2-map-marker-visibility-based-on-location-property-values.md

---
date: 2023-12-14
title: Map marker visibility based on Location property values
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-1023
version: 1019.1.2
---

> Marker on the map is not shown to the user if there are no values for latitude and longitude of loaction property in Asset properties page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users cannot see the marker on the map if there are no values for Latitude and Longitude of Location property in Asset properties page.
```
```suggestion
Users are not shown the marker on the map if there are no values for Latitude and Longitude within the Location property in Asset properties page.
```

> Users are not shown the marker on the map if there are no values for Latitude and Longitude within the Location property in Asset properties page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users are not shown the marker on the map if there are no values for latitude and longitude within the Location property in **Asset properties** page.
```

> Users are not shown the marker on the map if there are no values for latitude and longitude within the Location property in **Asset properties** page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users are no longer shown the marker on the map if there are no values for latitude and longitude within the Location property in **Asset properties** page.
```
